Fix sidebar for Cookie Store API (#17460)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cookiechangeevent/index.md

  - Interface
  - Reference
  - CookieChangeEvent
  - Experimental
browser-compat: api.CookieChangeEvent
---
{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("Cookie Store API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`CookieChangeEvent`** interface of the ['Cookie Store API'](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API)is the event type passed to {{domxref("CookieStore.onchange()")}} when any cookie changes have occurred. A cookie change consists of a cookie and a type (either "changed" or "deleted").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`CookieChangeEvent`** interface of the ['Cookie Store API'](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cookie_Store_API) is the event type passed to {{domxref("CookieStore.onchange()")}} when any cookie changes occur. A cookie change consists of a cookie and a type (either "changed" or "deleted").
```
